{"license":"OFL-1.1","opinion":0,"packname":"adinatha-fonts","patent":0,"pattern":"Epigraphs have long been preserved as physical estampages, which are bound to deteriorate over time. However, in the recent years, estampages are being increasingly digitized and stored as digital images. These digital archives of the epigraphs do have definite advantage considering the better storage and retrieval capacities of the estampages. However, operations such as searching, sorting and other textual functions cannot be applied upon these images. Therefore, additionally the plain text archival of the epigraphs is necessary to perform textual operations on the content of the archived epigraphs. Adinatha Tamil Brahmi is a Unicode font designed to represent the Tamil-Brahmi script as plain text. As a Unicode font, Adinatha Tamil Brahmi allows the unambiguous representation of the Tamil-Brahmi letters in all potential Unicode-enabled computer applications. Tamil-Brahmi being the earliest regional variant of the pan-Indic Brahmi, it is one of the most important epigraphic scripts of India. Therefore, it was essential to create a font that enables the digital representation of Tamil-Brahmi and thereby support the usage of TamilBrahmi across various computer applications. It is very much necessary to reproduce the text as-is for the “actual reading” and then present the text for the “intended reading”. It is always not viable to use in-line images to represent the original text. With Adinatha Tamil Brahmi, it is now possible to typeset the ancient Tamil-Brahmi epigraphs in its original form. Publications can use the font to represent the original text in its original script in-line without resorting to images. We sincerely hope the font allows the accurate representation of the various epigraphs and hence help in textual operations and analysis of the epigraphic corpus. As an additional use, it is also now possible to typeset the ancient corpus of the Tamil literature in its possibly original script of the scribes. Adinatha Tamil Brahmi is the first member Tamil-Brahmi series of fonts to be released. We plan to release few more font variants for Tamil-Brahmi to facilitate the representation the script of the ancient inscriptions even more accurately. Adinatha Tamil Brahmi has been released under Open Font License (OFL). The font is free to be used, studied, modified, improved and redistributed within the permission and conditions of the OFL","risk":3,"trademark":0,"unique_id":"b9eacd83-f421-48e7-b903-9659d58583b6"}